that's meat right there no it's just i
think it's like burnt charcoal from the
grill
good morning youtube wow it has been a
hot minute
[Music]
i think pretty much everyone in our
group and there's seven of us
got sick except for me so i would watch
out for
the seafood if you come to selling lita
obviously i didn't eat anything
it always seems to be these right wing
guys who misrepresent themselves
on social media it's always with
right wing nut cases that i find they've
adopted a
false identity on youtube and normally
to be honest
it's not even that they expose
themselves by being someone different
in real life it's normally just that
they're they're exposing their real
political values and who they really
are on some other social media platform
it's certainly surprising to find out
that
jeff nelson the father of nina and randa
who saw on the intro there
that jeff nelson is a right-wing
trump-supporting mask-denying
anti-vaccine nutcase
i mean he has really managed to keep
this
concealed on youtube
he's a long and storied career here on
the internet
i wonder i wonder if this has always
been on twitter
or if just recently the pressure of
these
political events i mean i guess he's
convinced himself that the uh
the elections were a fraud and so on and
so forth i wonder if this has caused him
to crack
and uh reveal his uh his true agenda
starting with the bottom half of this
image here quote
this is far more dangerous than koved
this is far more lethal than covet
fascism is the merging of stated
corporate power
and we now live in a fascist state trump
was too stupid and ineffective to
recognize and stop this
semicolon biden is part of it
and this is also very peculiar it's the
relationship between jeff nelson
and mr mrs vegan so mr mrs vegan you
might not
remember them just forget them if you
can't remember them just don't
don't try they all live in los angeles
together they're all
very wealthy people living in opulent
mansions in los angeles
who do bankroll influential events
in vegan activism stuff like la vegfest
and of course jeff nelson has also
bankrolled the careers
of his ugly stupid immoral
no talent daughters who will do
advertising campaigns selling meat tacos
for taco bell
but who pretend to be later to the vegan
moment mr mrs vegan
quote the sheeple are too stupid
i'm sorry i'm just i've just been
reading this stuff on their
on their twitter account and to have
them
calling me or anyone to see them calling
other
sheeple i'm sorry it's just it's just
funnier if you know
the context of the fact that their
twitter account is full of
global warming and denialism like
outright denial
that it's it's full of a lot of really
wacky
health science that i listen to anyway
quote the sheeple are too
stupid and our patriots are too
testosterone fueled
it takes a war and diabolical suffering
deposits for another 50
50 years tops that it repeats
the people behind to get off to the
constitution needed a failsafe or
something
this
and most of the stuff on mr and mrs
vegan's twitter
i can't quote on youtube because
my channel will get blacklisted and
banned
even if i'm mocking it even if i'm
criticizing it and a few things a few
things jeff is saying also
uh would get you booted off of youtube
but
why why do these people lead a double
life this way why is there such a big
gap between
the false personality jeff nelson has
presented the world for years
years and years on youtube and who he
really is politically and otherwise
same question for mr and mrs vegan the
reason why you see this happening on the
right wing
and not on the left wing is because
these people are
ashamed on some level
they look in the mirror and they're
aware of the extent to which
their values and their agenda makes them
a laughingstock
on some level they are ashamed and hey
to be self-critical
i think that the people who are on the
more woke
left-wing end of the spectrum they might
be faulted for being
a little bit too shameless jeff nelson
and mr mrs vegan you get the special
award this week for
living a lie